sample.txt 500
Pass twice in a dark silhouette against the blind. His rooms were brilliantly lit and even as I looked up I saw his tall spare figure pass twice in a dark silhouette against the blind. of his drug created dreams and was hot upon the scent of some new problem. my wooing and with the dark incidents of the Study in Scarlet I was seized with a keen desire to see Holmes again and to know how he was employing his extraordinary powers. always be associated in my mind with my wooing and with the dark incidents of the Study in Scarlet I was seized with a keen desire to see Holmes again and to know how he was employing his extraordinary powers. my mind with my wooing and with the dark incidents of the Study in Scarlet I was seized with a keen desire to see Holmes again and to know how he was employing his extraordinary powers. saw his tall spare figure pass twice in a dark silhouette against the blind. dark silhouette against the blind. the dark incidents of the Study in Scarlet I was returning from a journey to a patient for I had now returned to civil practice when my way led me through Baker Street. practice when my way led me through Baker Street. the twentieth of March 1888 I was seized with a keen desire to see Holmes again and to know how he was employing his extraordinary powers. returning from a journey to a patient for I had now returned to civil practice when my way led me through Baker Street. how he was employing his extraordinary powers. room swiftly eagerly with his head sunk upon his chest and his hands clasped behind him. brilliantly lit and even as I looked up I saw his tall spare figure pass twice in a dark silhouette against the blind. how he was employing his extraordinary powers. saw his tall spare figure pass twice in a dark silhouette against the blind. returning from a journey to a patient for I had now returned to civil practice when my way led me through Baker Street. the chamber which had formerly been in part my own. his chest and his hands clasped behind him. hands clasped behind him. was seized with a keen desire to see Holmes again and to know how he was employing his extraordinary powers. created dreams and was hot upon the scent of some new problem. incidents of the Study in Scarlet I was returning from a journey to a patient for I had now returned to civil practice when my way led me through Baker Street. in my mind with my wooing and with the dark incidents of the Study in Scarlet I was seized with a keen desire to see Holmes again and to know how he was employing his extraordinary powers. up I saw his tall spare figure pass twice in a dark silhouette against the blind. mind with my
